[Music]
this is the oyster 7:45 it's one of the
company's generation six designs with an
all-new hull by uh prop Humphries which
has more beam has carried further aft
and also a plum bow that gives it
roughly 15% more internal volume than
the 725 it's a higher performance hole
that will give better boat space and
improved passage times compared to the
boat every places the interior of all
oysters can be modified to suit the
particular owners requirements but
they're but all were placed around this
big deck saloon with also the vertical
hole windows two bright open space very
pleasant to spend time in and as opening
windows at the front for a good flow of
ventilation this example has a full
cabin layout and plus the skipper's
cabin at the front and includes this big
master cabin at the back with the three
vertical windows each size that gives a
great view out compared to earlier
hoister models this boat has a very
clean that's fresh
fore deck and and also a different rig
configuration where they more easily
handled but more efficient 105 percent
jib instead of the larger overlapping
Genoa's that earlier boats had
[Music]